"This is again the nature, the nature of the relatives, as whatever the cause is, the result will
follow similar, and that is, that we also are, we begin to see ourselves to you, that anger breaks
the anger, I just praise the kindness, and everyone that helps us."
"And the same way, externally, the poison, see, migraine, the poison, result, then the positive,
also the same way, as we mentioned, the idea of the poison is a lot like it."
"Light, from light to light, light to the light, bright and bright, and then it goes shining in the
glory, again it continues, so that is how the positive and the negative mind is out of that."
"And then blood bond, as Mother pointed out, is known as neutral mind."
"And neutral mind is very neutral, neutral in a way, it has not in a big effort."
"Either side is not the positive, nor it is negative, and therefore it is named as neutral bond."
"But neutral is, in one way, in the kind of foundation mind, very balanced, very just neutral."
"It can be turned either side, you don't let it inside, ready to turn either side, positive and
negative, so that is known as negative."
"It is simple, kind of like a flat, negative, sorry, neutral bond, neutral bond is just like, most
of the other, looking into the sky, looking into the leaves, looking into the different things, or
simply just walking."